updating Plots page to style standards-DOCS-1710 (#2332)
wandb/docs: models/track/log/plots.mdx

title: Create and track plots from experiments
---

In W&B Models, methods in `wandb.plot` let you track charts with `wandb.Run.log()`, including charts that change over time during training. To learn more about the custom charting framework, see the [custom charts walkthrough](/models/app/features/custom-charts/walkthrough/).

### Basic charts

To create a W&B chart:

> 1. Create a `wandb.Table` containing the data you want to visualize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `wandb.Table` object and add the data you want to visualize.
```

> 1. Generate a plot using a `wandb.plot` helper function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a plot using one of the W&B's built-in [helper functions](/models/ref/python/custom-charts)
```

> 1. Log the plot with `run.log()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log the plot with `wandb.Run.log()`.
```
